The witch had a cat and a very tall hat, and long ginger hair which she wore in a plait. How the cat purred and how the witch grinned, as they sat on their broomstick and flew through the wind. But how the witch wailed and how the cat spat, when the wind blew so wildly it blew off the hat.

They searched and they searched but no hat could be found. Then out of the bushes on thundering paws, there bounded a dog with the hat in his jaws. The dog dropped the hat politely, then said eagerly, 'I am a dog, as keen as can be. Is there room on the broom for a dog like me?'

'Yes!' cried the witch, and the dog clambered on. Over the fields and the forests they flew. The dog wagged his tail and the stormy wind blew. The witch laughed aloud and held onto her hat, but away blew the bow from her long ginger plait!

They searched and they searched but no bow could be found. Then out from a tree, with an ear-splitting shriek, there flapped a green bird with the bow in her beak. The bird dropped the bow and then said with a squeak, 'I am a bird, as green as can be. Is there room on the broom for a bird like me?'

'Yes!' cried the witch, so the bird fluttered on. Over the reeds and the rivers they flew. The bird shrieked with glee and the stormy wind blew. They shot through the sky to the back of beyond, the witch clutched her bow but let go of her wand!

They searched and they searched but no wand could be found. Then all of a sudden, from out of a pond, leaped a dripping wet frog with the wand in his paw. The frog dropped the wand, then said with a croak, 'I am a frog, as clean as can be. Is there room on the broom for a frog like me?'

'Yes!' said the witch, so the frog bounded on. The witch tapped the broomstick and whoosh! they were gone. But the broomstick snapped in two! Down fell the cat and the dog and the frog. Down they went, tumbling into a bog.

The witch's half-broomstick flew into a cloud, and the witch heard a roar that was scary and loud. 'I am a dragon, as mean as can be, and I'm planning to have WITCH AND CHIPS for my tea!'

'No!' cried the witch, flying higher and higher. But the dragon flew after her, breathing out fire. 'Help!' cried the witch. Just then, from out of a ditch rose a horrible monster, all sticky and black. It dripped and it squelched as it strode down the track. It had four frightful heads, it had wings like a bat, and it said to the dragon, 'Buzzz-off! THAT'S MY WITCH!'

The dragon drew back, and he started to shake. 'I'm sorry!' he spluttered. 'I made a mistake.' And he spread his wings out and was off through the air. Down flew the bird, and down jumped the frog. Down climbed the cat, and 'Phew!' said the dog. 'Thank you, oh, thank you!' the grateful witch cried.

Then she got out her cauldron and said with a grin, 'Find something, everyone, throw something in!' So the frog found a lily, the cat found a cone, the bird found a twig and the dog found a bone. They threw them all in and the witch stirred them well, and while she was stirring she muttered a spell: 'Iggety, ziggety, zaggety, ZOOM!' Then out rose... A truly magnificent broom!